I was very confused to buy a bed online but I had trust on Amazon and brand solimo. So I purchased this.  First delivery was good. I live on first floor and they deliver it to my room. I asked them and they told that they deliver till 3rd floor.  Packaging was so good that there is very low chance of damage.When it delivered I was so worried that if I had to return this how I am gonna do because it was huge delivery and packaging. After a day 2 guy came for free installation and they were so quick and professional. Material is good and strong.  I would like to mention few things which I didn't notice at the time of purchase. There are no legs in this bed. It will completely fit on floor. Head side wood and leg side wood is not thick. There are cover wood given to prevent the sharp edge and it seems that it is so thick in pictures. There are 4 box in it. Boxes which are on leg side will not open if you bed is fitted by wall. Because it need a slide to left or right before opening so if it is beside the wall you can slide the box cover to oepn it easily. So in my case I have problem to open the 1 box which is on leg side. Now the strenght is good. My weight is 82 kg and I almost jumped and walked on the every corner of bed and it doesn't make sound or feel like weak or moves. So it's good for kids and married couples :)
Not as expected. It’s queen box bed, but the Lower panel is not good , also the bed side panel is very thin and weak. Product looks good but I am not happy with the description, because the lower white panel of each box has no base .
Pros:SturdyNo sharp edgesGood finishDesign is awesomeStorage is there but we can't able to use it because it's manual .if ur bed weight is less then you can use the storage box under the bedPrice is less for this qualityPrompted deliveryExcellent fixing done by amazon furnitureCons:Nothing to sayHighly recommended
Recieved in broken condition.
Is is not worth and right quality..Bottom ply is resting on floor and gaps from all sides. also top ply is not fixed with hinges and its just rested on some portion which makes this so weak.
It's a steal deal during prime day sale. I got this awesome cot for ₹9500 and the quality is decent enough. It's very Sturdy and storage is an added advantage. Finish of the product gives a premium look. Overall 5 out of 5 for the product - delivery - assembly!
It make sound... I called amazon customer care complain but still no one responded from either amazon or vendor 😡😌 after 3 months the coat surface goes inside and we get body pain's.. not recommended.
Don't purchase this item it's not worth for money material is not good at all.at the same time can't able to return it also i never expect this from amezon.
Similar kind of beds are available in the Kolkata market at 16k-20k. I got it at around 11k in festive sale. Coming to the product, the bed is strong enough. No sharp edges. Perfectly sized for 2 adults and one kid. Mattress size required is 78 inch*60 inch for perfect fit.Go for it if you get within 10k-12k.
Ordered 29th September and hot delivered 5th October. Product vis good. I haven't opted installation service as I was not able to find it online.then I had to install myself. I found instruction manual incomplete1.There was no step- by step instructions available2.Tool kits are not numbered, difficult to identify which nail to go where3.video instruction no where available in internetI had ended up with damaging the product a littleNow I can't ask for replacement alsoSo if you are ordering must go with installation as add on service otherwise get it from local shops
Satisfaction
Product is ok.. storage is good but not sure of long lasting. But very disappointed to tell that no furniture assembling was done through Amazon or the Vecare furniture guys even after rescheduling the date as no one was willing to get the job done in my area. We had initiated for return of the furniture but last moment we ourselves got the bed fixed using the manual not sure if we completed as many screws and hinges are left out. We are disappointed with the service in this context.
Material is very cheap.. Bed is shaking after assembling.. A good advice - Don't buy this product otherwise you will regret for sure.. Write on a paper🙏
Poor quality
I got this bed on prime day sale. Its comfortable strong and has nice space.
Defective product and assembly service not provided.very bad service.
If ur looking for a Budget queen size bed this is for u,not good for those who shift frequently.Made up of particle board,zero ground clearance,extra strip on leg side which is put to avoid sharp edge making difficult to open box, otherwise ok ok product in this price.
Value for Money 💰Totally Worth buying during Sale!!!
